h1. Gitty : Unobtrusively extend git.

Gitty provides an interface to manage commonly used git-hooks for repositories. A few use cases are:

* Make it so that git submodules are intellegently updated after switching branches or merging.
* Prevent trailing whitespace from being committed.
* Help prevent scratch / debug code from being committed by refusing to commit a KEYWORD that marks it as such.
* Share hooks with collaborators

h2. Currently in alpha!

Missing features:

* Only receive hooks from trusted publishers. (currently when gitty is activated on a repository, any hook published to origin is automatically installed)
* It's very young and might break
* Remote repository must be named origin for shared hooks to work.  This is currently not configurable.

h2. Documentation

h3. Initialization

To use gitty with a git repository, you need to install the basic gitty hooks.

<pre>
git hook init
</pre>

* Any existing hooks will be preserved. They are moved to .git/hooks/local/<hook-name>.d/original

h3. Enabling sharing

By default, it's turned off (security reasons). To enable it:

<pre>
git hook init --enable-sharing
</pre>

h3. Adding hooks

To see available hooks:

<pre>
git hook list
</pre>

To install one:

<pre>
git hook install <hook-name>
</pre>

To share one:

<pre>
git hook share <hook-name>
git hook publish -m "added <hook-name>"
</pre>

Read the cucumber features for an idea of how it works and what it does

h2. Issues

Report them here: http://github.com/timcharper/gitty/issues
